# A03
Assignment 3

To use GIT and GITHUB you must first created an account on GITHUB.com. Once the account is created, you must click the "new" button, which should be green in the top left of your screen. This will begin the process of creating a new repository. Go through the settings and personalize the settings for the project you are working on. Now once you click create, you can work inside this repository. To work on files in it, you must clone the repository to save it locally on your computer. Click the green "clone or download" button and copy the link that it shows. Once copied, go to your favorite terminal, mine is Git Bash, which you can download for free online. Now type "git clone (enter link here)" this will save a copy of the repository on your computer. (Cloning allows you to work on the files in the repository and commit them to create an organized framework of edits). Now locate where the file was created and navigate to it in the terminal using the cd command. For example type "cd documents" to get into the documents folder. Now once you get into the folder where your files are, use an editing command like "vi" to start editing. Type "vi README.md" to edit the README.md text file. Then hit the i key to start typing. Once you are done typing and making edits, hit the ESC key and type ":wq". This will save the work you have done and bring you back to the command line. Now if you are done editing your files, type "git add ." This will add all the files into a queue to be commited. Now type git commit -m "(enter what you edited in these quotations)". This will commit all your work and you are ready to push it back to github.com. Type " git push origin master " to push all your work back to GITHUB.
